Q1. What is the purpose of Python's OOP?
========================================

OOPs in Python is a programming approach that focuses on using objects
and classes as same as other general programming languages. The objects
can be any real-world entities. Python allows developers to develop
applications using the OOPs approach with the major focus on code
reusability.

Q2. Where does an inheritance search look for an attribute?
===========================================================

In Python, inheritance happens when an object is qualified, and involves
searching an attribute definition tree (one or more namespaces). … attr
where object is an instance or class object, Python searches the
namespace tree at and above object , for the first attr it can find.

Q3. How do you distinguish between a class object and an instance object?
=========================================================================

The class = the blue print. The Object is an actual thing that is built
based on the ‘blue print’ (like the house). An instance is a virtual
copy (but not a real copy) of the object.

Q4. What makes the first argument in a class’s method function special?
=======================================================================

The first argument of every class method, including init, is always a
reference to the current instance of the class. By convention, this
argument is always named self. In the init method, self refers to the
newly created object; in other class methods, it refers to the instance
whose method was called.

Q5. What is the purpose of the **init** method?
===============================================

“**init**” is a reseved method in python classes. It is known as a
constructor in object oriented concepts. This method called when an
object is created from the class and it allow the class to initialize
the attributes of a class.

Q6. What is the process for creating a class instance?
======================================================

To create instances of a class, you call the class using class name and
pass in whatever arguments its **init** method accepts

Q7. What is the process for creating a class?
=============================================

Classes are created by keyword class. Attributes are the variables that
belong to a class. Attributes are always public and can be accessed
using the dot (.) operator.

Q8. How would you define the superclasses of a class?
=====================================================

The class from which a class inherits is called the parent or
superclass. A class which inherits from a superclass is called a
subclass, also called heir class or child class. Superclasses are
sometimes called ancestors as well. There exists a hierarchical
relationship between classes.
